Backers of President Trump descended on Washington, D.C. Saturday in another sign of support for the president, who has come up short in his efforts to overturn the results of the 2020 presidential election.


Supporters with Trump flags and hats gathered at Freedom Plaza near the White House chanting "Four More Years" and "Stop the Steal" to urge Trump to keep on fighting to stay in the White House. Organizers of the Women for America First rally were expecting 15,000 participants for the rally and march to the Supreme Court.

One speaker at the rally was retired Gen. Michael Flynn, Trump's former national security adviser, who told the crowd he was confident Trump would remain in office.

"When people ask me...on a scale of one to 10, who's going to be the next president of the United States? I say: 10, Donald J. Trump ... without hesitation."

Trump last month granted a pardon to Flynn, who pleaded guilty in 2017 to lying to the FBI about his contact with a Russian ambassador, but later claimed innocence.

Former U.S. national security adviser Michael Flynn speaks as supporters of U.S. President Donald Trump listen during a rally to protest the results of the election in front of Supreme Court building, in Washington, U.S., December 12, 2020. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst - RC2SLK9GVNAP
Former U.S. national security adviser Michael Flynn speaks as supporters of U.S. President Donald Trump listen during a rally to protest the results of the election in front of Supreme Court building, in Washington, U.S., December 12, 2020. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst - RC2SLK9GVNAP
"The fraud that is being perpetrated on the United States of America through this previous election is outrageous," Flynn told the rally crowd near the White House. "It's outrageous. We will not accept it."

Trump, who is scheduled to attend the Army-Navy football game at West Point, appeared to be pleasantly surprised by another show of support in the Democratic stronghold of D.C.

"Wow! Thousands of people forming in Washington (D.C.) for Stop the Steal," Trump tweeted Saturday morning. "Didn’t know about this, but I’ll be seeing them! #MAGA"



Trump later departed the White House in the Marine One helicopter en route to New York. Crowds below cheered the "fly-over" from the commander in chief.

Trump aide Dan Scavino tweeted a picture from the sky above with a message to the crowd. "Thank you, Patriots."


During the last major "Stop the Steal" rally in D.C. on Nov. 14, Trump and his motorcade drove through the downtown D.C. crowd to wave to supporters before heading to his golf resort in Virginia.

SUPREME COURT DECLINES TO HEAR TRUMP-SUPPORTED TEXAS CASE OVER ELECTION RESULTS IN FOUR OTHER STATES

Two pro-Trump groups applied for park permits for rallies on Saturday.

The "March for Trump" demonstration organized by the Women for America First kicked off at noon. Speakers included "My Pillow" guy Mike Lindell and former Trump aides Sebastian Gorka, Boris Epshteyn and Katrina Pearson, who encouraged supporters to keep up the fight to overturn the election results.

People gather on Pennsylvania Avenue for the "Stop the Steal" rally in support of U.S. President Donald Trump, in Washington, U.S., December 12, 2020. REUTERS/Erin Scott
People gather on Pennsylvania Avenue for the "Stop the Steal" rally in support of U.S. President Donald Trump, in Washington, U.S., December 12, 2020. REUTERS/Erin Scott
"I've read the Constitution. I don't think Joe Biden has," Gorka told the crowd, "but I've read the Constitution. And I know one thing: It ain't over until January 20th."


The presidential inauguration is Jan. 20.

Supporters of US President Donald Trump participate in the Million MAGA March to protest the outcome of the 2020 presidential election, on December 12, 2020 in Washington, DC. (Photo by JOSE LUIS MAGANA/AFP via Getty Images)
Supporters of US President Donald Trump participate in the Million MAGA March to protest the outcome of the 2020 presidential election, on December 12, 2020 in Washington, DC. (Photo by JOSE LUIS MAGANA/AFP via Getty Images)
Trump supporters made clear they will continue to fight back regardless of the media and court rulings and will not accept Biden as president.

"In 2016, they had this thing called the resistance, do you remember that?" Pearson said of the left's movement against Trump. "You haven't seen a resistance until patriots show up to defend the republic."

A second pro-Trump rally was set for the Sylvan Theater on the National Mall, where organizers planned for 500 people, according to their national park permit.

Meanwhile, the "Refuse Fascism" anti-Trump group scheduled a counter-protest in Black Lives Matter Plaza at noon, with the message: "Trump: You Lost. Get the Hell Out!"

The rallies come a day after a major legal defeat for Trump, when the Supreme Court Friday declined to hear a Texas case that challenged the election results in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Georgia and Wisconsin.

PENNSYLVANIA ACCUSES TEXAS OF SEEKING 'TO DECIMATE THE ELECTORATE' IN FIERY SUPREME COURT BRIEF


Trump has repeatedly alleged he beat President-elect Joe Biden, and claims there was widespread voter fraud. But states have stood by their results and courts have repeatedly rejected Trump's legal claims that Biden's victory -- by a margin of more than 7 million votes nationwide -- should be tossed out.

Supporters of US President Donald Trump demonstrate in Washington, DC, on December 12, 2020, to protest the 2020 election. (Photo by Jose Luis Magana / AFP) (Photo by JOSE LUIS MAGANA/AFP via Getty Images)
Supporters of US President Donald Trump demonstrate in Washington, DC, on December 12, 2020, to protest the 2020 election. (Photo by Jose Luis Magana / AFP) (Photo by JOSE LUIS MAGANA/AFP via Getty Images)
The Supreme Court order does not foreclose any other pending or future election appeals at the Supreme Court, but time is running out.

The states are scheduled to meet on Dec. 14 for the Electoral College exercise. And on Jan. 6 there will be a joint session of the House and Senate to count the electoral votes and certify Biden as the winner.

On Saturday, the Biden transition team praised courts for tossing out Trump's "baseless" legal claims.

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

"The Supreme Court has decisively and speedily rejected the latest of Donald Trump and his allies’ attacks on the democratic process," Biden transition official Michael Gwin said in a statement. "This is no surprise — dozens of judges, election officials from both parties, and Trump's own Attorney General have dismissed his baseless attempts to deny that he lost the election. President-elect Biden's clear and commanding victory will be ratified by the Electoral College on Monday, and he will be sworn in on January 20th."

